Paper Review Form (based on the INFOCOM review form)
PAPER 5
Paper title: Dynamic Routing using P4 Switches and the FABRIC Measurement Framework
Author(s): Shikhar Gupta, Kiran Sthanusubramonian
 

1. Paper Summary: Please summarize the paper in your own words.
A. The authors are trying to optimize the routing and figure out the optimal route for data transfer between nodes. They are using 2 metrics, available bandwidth, and transmit + receive buffer length to select the optimal route. The technologies used are P4, FABRIC and Prometheus for metric visualization along with python libraries for network traffic simulations. 

2. Strengths: What are the main reasons to accept the paper?  You may comment on the importance of the 
   problems addressed, the novelty of the proposed solutions, the technical depth, and potential impact. 
   Your overall rating should be supported by your review.
A. This paper goes in-depth only for experimentation setup and enables the reader to replicate the solution. The problem statement is really interesting as it does try to benefit from network calculations on the fly. If a detailed analytic algorithm is successfully established, being computationally inexpensive, it can really have a potential impact on the overall network latency reduction.

3. Weaknesses: What are the main reasons NOT to accept the paper? Again, think about the importance of 
   the problems addressed, the novelty of the proposed solutions, the technical depth, and potential impact. 
   Your overall rating should be supported by your review.
A. This paper doesn’t have the overall in-depth novelty required. It tries to use existing technologies to figure out the best routing for reduction in latency between nodes. But the use of P4 and 2 metrics to find the optimal among multiple routes doesn’t seem scalable. If you have m nodes, and n routers, the problem will become exponentially complex as the analysis will require a lot of time on the fly to keep selecting the optimal routes.

4. Quality of Writing: What is the presentation quality of this paper? A paper not well-written is not good 
   for INFOCOM reputation and will have difficulty in attracting citations. Your overall rating should take 
   this into consideration.
A. The paper has some writing issues, the list is as follows:
1.	BmV4, the abbreviation is used before its full form and thus is a bit confusing and breaks the flow. This happens even for ICMP packet. 
2.	“The objective is to maximize the topology’s overall throughput and link utilization and minimize the latency between two given hosts”, this statement doesn’t follow through and an ‘algorithm’ is proposed but isn’t well-defined at all, just two steps. It seems like they are using metrics to determine the optimal routing but have failed to mention the criteria. Certainly, missing the ‘algorithm’ in the paper.

5. Additional Comments: Additional comments that you would like to provide to the authors. Please do not
   repeat what you stated in strengths/weaknesses.
A. Please update the objective if possible and elaborate it further. Figure 4 has 3 nodes, but the experimentation has mentioned using 2 nodes, consistency is beneficial. 

6. Reviewer Expertise: Rate your familiarity with the topic of this paper.  (Choose one, delete the rest.)
I know something about this topic

     
