Paper Review Form (based on the INFOCOM review form)

Paper title: Dynamic Routing using P4 Switches and the FABRIC Measurement Framework
Author(s): Shikhar Gupta, Kiran Sthanusubramonian
 

1. Paper Summary: Please summarize the paper in your own words.

   The paper discusses a strategy of using packet monitoring technology as input to an algorithm to control the behavior 
of an SDN.  It then shows an implementation of the strategy using tools available on the FABRIC testbed.  Finally, it
details an experimental design and initial results for demonstrating the effectiveness of the strategy on a particular
network topology.

2. Strengths: What are the main reasons to accept the paper?  You may comment on the importance of the 
   problems addressed, the novelty of the proposed solutions, the technical depth, and potential impact. 
   Your overall rating should be supported by your review.

   The paper presents a novel way to improve SDN using new technologies, those being packet monitoring technologies. 
The idea is a potentially very beneficial one and their use of many of the more complex tools available on FABRIC will 
no doubt help the FABRIC team and provide useful examples for future users.

3. Weaknesses: What are the main reasons NOT to accept the paper? Again, think about the importance of 
   the problems addressed, the novelty of the proposed solutions, the technical depth, and potential impact. 
   Your overall rating should be supported by your review.

   I think the paper would have been benefited by a more thorough description of the algorithm used by the controller to
create routing tables from metrics collected by the FABRIC measurement framework.  A more thorough description of how
the FABRIC measurement framework actually collected metrics would also have been useful.

4. Quality of Writing: What is the presentation quality of this paper? A paper not well-written is not good 
   for INFOCOM reputation and will have difficulty in attracting citations. Your overall rating should take 
   this into consideration.

   The writing was very good quality.

5. Additional Comments: Additional comments that you would like to provide to the authors. Please do not
   repeat what you stated in strengths/weaknesses.

   I liked the inclusion of the acknowledgements section.

6. Reviewer Expertise: Rate your familiarity with the topic of this paper.  (Choose one, delete the rest.)

I know something about this topic

     
