Paper Review Form (based on the INFOCOM review form)

Paper title: Dynamic Routing using P4 Switches and the FABRIC Measurement Framework
Author(s): S. Gupta and K. Sthanusubramonian 
 

1. Paper Summary: Please summarize the paper in your own words.

This project seeks to enable dynamic routing decisions in a FABRIC topology by using statistics gathered from 
FABRIC's measurement framework library (MFlib). Two topologies are established, a simple one to "play" with 
and learn from, and a second specifically for the primary task.  Some initial results using the initial simpler
topology are obtained

2. Strengths: What are the main reasons to accept the paper?  You may comment on the importance of the 
   problems addressed, the novelty of the proposed solutions, the technical depth, and potential impact. 
   Your overall rating should be supported by your review.

GREAT work on getting the measurement framework running!  It's cool that you're able to collect measurements
and see how things change as you install some routing rules.

I truly appreciate that understanding how to use MFlib and the associated visualization and data tools is a
rather involved task.  You've invested great effort and been successful!  I'm impressed.

I also think your use case for the monitoring data is a very good one (a tough one, in reality).

3. Weaknesses: What are the main reasons NOT to accept the paper? Again, think about the importance of 
   the problems addressed, the novelty of the proposed solutions, the technical depth, and potential impact. 
   Your overall rating should be supported by your review.

If I understand correctly, you are collecting everything MFlib will give you?  Why is that?  Don't you want 
to restrict it to collect only what you need for your dynamic routing algorithm?  Perhaps I am not understanding
something.

4. Quality of Writing: What is the presentation quality of this paper? A paper not well-written is not good 
   for INFOCOM reputation and will have difficulty in attracting citations. Your overall rating should take 
   this into consideration.

In general, the quality of writing is quite good.  I've made some written comments on my hard copy and I will
scan and send these to you the next time I am at ASU.

5. Additional Comments: Additional comments that you would like to provide to the authors. Please do not
   repeat what you stated in strengths/weaknesses.

In II, you talk about active versus passive monitoring.  My understanding is that active monitoring results
in more overhead than passive.  Is that not correct?  Maybe you should explain each, and also give an 
example tool as well (if you can).

I suggest that you move your methodology section (V) to before the experiment section (IV).  Usually, the
overall methodology is explained first, and then the experimental setup described, followed by results.

In the methodology section, please go into a little more detail on your P4 program and the P4 runtime, how 
these interact, and also their interaction with the monitoring framework (there must be one, I'm guessing?).

You say you want to "alternate between the two available paths" -- but do you alternate based on metrics 
collected?  You don't say so specifically.

I assume your results in section VI are on the topology in Figure 1?  You don't say so explicitly.

I know you really wanted to use INT but I think it is good you left is as future work, to compare say, the 
overhead generated by each approach.  I am happy that you tried MFlib which I hope was easier than trying
to use INT.  Plus I hope you now agree that the scope of your original idea was too wide.

GREAT job!  Very nice work!

6. Reviewer Expertise: Rate your familiarity with the topic of this paper.  (Choose one, delete the rest.)

I am familiar with this topic
     
